Title
Cuisine
Servings
Vegetarian
Vegan

1, measure of, Apple, descriptor
1, measure of, Apple, descriptor

Instructions
Instructions…
$
CREAMED BRAISING GREENS
American
4
1
0

6, tbsp, butter
2, cloves, garlic, minced
1, , shallot, thinly sliced
1, cup, heavy cream
, Pinch of, nutmeg, freshly grated
1, tsp, Salt
4, pounds, chard, stemmed and finely shredded.

In a saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter over high heat until it foams. Add the garlic and shallot and cook over medium-low heat, stirring, until softened and golden, 5 minutes. Add the cream, bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, 10 minutes. Add the nutmeg and salt to taste. Using a hand blender, purée until smooth.
In a large pot, heat the remaining 4 tablespoons butter over high heat until it foams. Add the greens and cook, stirring constantly, until tender but still bright green, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and add the cream mixture. Lower the heat, cover and let simmer until cooked through, 5 minutes more. Taste for nutmeg and salt, season to taste and serve hot.
$
FLAN
Mexican
8
1
0

2, ,eggs
5, ,egg yolks
1, Can, sweetened condensed milk, looks like a half sized can? or 3/4?
1, can, evaporated milk, a little larger than a normal sized cans i.e. campbells soup
1/2, Cup, milk
1, TBSP, vanilla extract
1/2, tsp, salt
1/4, Cup, water
2/3, cup, sugar

1/4 cup water, 2/3 cup sugar, in pan, stir sugar into water before you start cooking.
Place over medium high heat, bring to a boil, 5 minutes, then 1 minute it starts to turn gold. then swirl in the pan slowly.
Maybe 2 to 4 more minutes to turn color to golden caramel color. we want the color of peanut butter, continue swirling.
Add two tablespoons of warm tap water, swirl in, then pour into flan pan.
Nonstick loaf pan(flan pan) is on a towel in a larger pan.
2 whole eggs plus 5 yokes whisked together in a bowl.  add one can sweetened condensed milk( shorter than normal soup can). 1 can evaporated milk (larger than campbell soup size). 1/2 cup whole milk. add tablespoon vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, all stirred together. Strain the mixture into the loaf pan.
Cover loaf pan with foil to prevent skin from drying out.
Place a cloth, folded on a large baking pan, and place the loaf pan on top of that. Add hot water (not quite boiling) into the larger pan surrounding flan pan.
Bake 300 degree oven for 1:15-1:30, until internal temperature is 180 degrees.
Be very careful of hot water. let cool in hot water for 90 minutes, chill for a few hour in refrigerator at least, one day max.
Cut edge of flan with knife to ensure it will release.
$
Chicken Piccata
Italian
4
0
0

2, , boneless chicken breasts, butterflied and then cut in half
1, tsp, Sea salt
1, tsp, black pepper, freshly ground
1, cup, All-purpose flour, for dredging
6, tablespoons, unsalted butter
5, tablespoons, extra virgin olive oil
1/3, cup, lemon juice, freshly squeezed
1/2, cup, chicken stock
1/4, cup, brined capers, rinsed
1/3, cup, parsley, chopped

Season chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge chicken in flour and shake off excess.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, melt 2 tablespoons of butter with 3 tablespoons olive oil. When butter and oil start to sizzle, add 2 pieces of chicken and cook for 3 minutes. When chicken is browned, flip and cook other side for 3 minutes. Remove and transfer to plate. Melt 2 more tablespoons butter and add another 2 tablespoons olive oil. When butter and oil start to sizzle, add the other 2 pieces of chicken and brown both sides in same manner. Remove pan from heat and add chicken to the plate.
Into the pan add the lemon juice, stock and capers. Return to stove and bring to boil, scraping up brown bits from the pan for extra flavor. Check for seasoning. Return all the chicken to the pan and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove chicken to platter. Add remaining 2 tablespoons butter to sauce and whisk vigorously. Pour sauce over chicken and garnish with parsley.
$
DUTCH BABY PANCAKE
German
2
1
0

1/3, cup, all-purpose flour
1/2, cup, whole milk
2, large, eggs, lightly beaten
, Pinch of, nutmeg, freshly grated
, Pinch of, coarse salt
4, tablespoons, unsalted butter
2, tablespoons, confectioners' sugar
1/2, of, lemon, freshly squeezed

Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In a medium bowl, lightly beat flour, milk, eggs, nutmeg, and salt until just combined. Batter will be slightly lumpy.
Melt butter in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add flour mixture and transfer to oven. Bake until pancake is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
Sprinkle pancake with sugar and return to oven for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with lemon juice; serve immediately with jelly, jam, or marmalade.
$
Gazpacho
Spanish
4
1
1

1 1/2, pounds, tomatoes, peeled seeded and chopped
1, cup, cucumber, peeled seeded and chopped
1/2, cup, red bell pepper, chopped
1/2, cup, red onion, chopped
1, small, jalapeño, seeded and minced
1, medium, garlic clove, minced
1/4, cup, extra virgin olive oil
1, , lime, juiced
2, teaspoons, balsamic vinegar
2, teaspoons, soy sauce
1/2, teaspoon, ground cumin, toasted
1, teaspoon, kosher salt
1/4, teaspoon, black pepper, freshly ground
2, tablespoons, basil, chiffonade

Fill a 6-quart pot halfway full of water, set over high heat and bring to a boil.
Make an X with a paring knife on the bottom of the tomatoes. Drop the tomatoes into the boiling water for 15 seconds, remove and transfer to an ice bath and allow to cool until able to handle, approximately 1 minute. Remove and pat dry. Peel, core and seed the tomatoes. When seeding the tomatoes, place the seeds and pulp into a fine mesh strainer set over a bowl in order to catch the juice. Press as much of the juice through as possible and then add enough bottled tomato juice to bring the total to 1 cup.
Place the tomatoes and juice into a large mixing bowl. Add the cucumber, bell pepper, red onion, jalapeno, garlic clove, olive oil, lime juice, balsamic vinegar, Worcestershire, cumin, salt and pepper and stir to combine. Transfer 1 1/2 cups of the mixture to a blender and puree for 15 to 20 seconds on high speed. Return the pureed mixture to the bowl and stir to combine. Cover and chill for 2 hours and up to overnight. Serve with chiffonade of basil.
$
GERMAN POTATO SALAD
German
8
0
0

3, pounds, potatoes
1, , yellow onion, quartered
1/2, pound, bacon, diced
1, large, red onion, diced
3/4, cup, cider vinegar
1, tablespoon, Dijon mustard
1/4, cup, olive oil
 , , Salt
 , , black pepper, freshly ground
8, , green onions, thinly sliced
1/4, cup, parsley, chopped

Preheat the grill to high. Place potatoes in a large pot with the yellow onion and cover with cold water. Cook, on the grates of the grill, or on a burner, until tender. Drain, discard the onion, and cut the potatoes into cubes when cool enough to handle. Place the potatoes in a large bowl and cover to keep warm.
Place a large saute pan on the grates of the grill. Add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Add the red onion to the rendered bacon fat and cook until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully add the vinegar and mustard and cook for 2 more minutes. Whisk in the oil and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add the hot dressing to the potatoes and toss gently to coat. Fold in the green onions and parsley. Season again with salt and pepper, to taste.
$
Gnocchi
Italian
4
1
0

, , Kosher salt
1, pound, russet potatoes
4, large, egg yolks
1/2, cup, Parmesan cheese, freshly grated
1/4, teaspoon, nutmeg, freshly grated
1/2, teaspoon, kosher salt
1/4, teaspoon, black pepper, freshly ground
1, cup, all-purpose flour
1/4, cup, all-purpose flour, for dusting board and dough

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
Spread a layer of kosher salt on a baking sheet and arrange the potatoes on top (see Cook's Note). Bake until a bit overcooked, about 45 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle, cut in half, and scoop out the flesh. Reserve the potato skins, if desired, for another use.
Pass the potatoes through a potato ricer or grate them on the large holes of a box grater. You should have about 2 cups. Make a mound of potatoes on the counter with a well in the middle, add 3 of the egg yolks, the cheese, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Mix in the potatoes and mix well with hands. Sprinkle 1/2 cup of the flour over the potatoes and, using your knuckles, press it into the potatoes. Fold the manss over on itself and press down again. Sprinkle on more flour, little by little, folding and pressing the dough until it just holds together, (try not to knead it.) Work any dough clinging to your fingers back into the dough. If the mixture is too dry, add another egg yolk or a little water. The dough should give under slight pressure. It will feel firm but yielding. To test if the dough is the correct consistency, take a piece and roll it with your hands on a well-floured board into a rope 1/2-inch in diameter. If the dough holds together, it is ready. If not, add more flour, fold and press the dough several more times, and test again.
Keeping your work surface and the dough lightly floured, cut the dough into 4 pieces. Roll each piece into a rope about 1/2-inch in diameter. Cut into 1/2-inch-long pieces. Lightly flour the gnocchi as you cut them. You can cook these as is or form them into the classic gnocchi shape with a gnocchi board, ridged butter paddle, or the tines of a large fork turned upside down. Rest the bottom edge of the gnocchi board on the work surface, then tilt it at about a 45 degree angle. Take each piece and squish it lightly with your thumb against the board while simultaneously pushing it away from you. It will roll away and around your thumb, taking on a cupped shape -- with ridges on the outer curve from the board and a smooth surface on the inner curve where your thumb was. (Shaping them takes some time and dexterity. You might make a batch just for practice.) The indentation holds the sauce and helps gnocchi cook faster.
As you shape the gnocchi, dust them lightly with flour and scatter them on baking sheets lined with parchment paper or waxed paper. Set gnocchi filled cookie sheet in front of a fan on low for 1/2 hour (turning gnocchi after 15 minutes). If you will not cook the gnocchi until the next day or later, freeze them. Alternatively, you can poach them now, drain and toss with a little olive oil, let cool, then refrigerate several hours or overnight. To reheat, dip in hot water for 10 to 15 seconds, then toss with browned butter until hot.
When ready to cook, bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Drop in the gnocchi and cook for about 90 seconds from the time they rise to the surface. Remove the cooked gnocchi with a skimmer, shake off the excess water, and serve as desired.
Cook's Note: Baking potatoes on a layer of salt allows heat to circulate 360 degrees. Scrape the salt into a jar and reuse it again and again. If you do not have time to shape the gnocchi, you can freeze the dough, defrost it in the refrigerator, and then shape it. To freeze shaped gnocchi, line baking sheets with waxed paper and dust with flour. Spread the gnocchi on the prepared sheets and freeze until hard. Remove to individual-portion-size freezer bags. Store in the freezer for up to 1 month. To cook, drop the frozen gnocchi into boiling salted water. Cook for about 2 minutes after they rise to the surface.
$
